Cross reference  backpressure info (#14508)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

|`druid.broker.http.compressionCodec`|Compression codec the Broker uses to communicate with Historical and real-time processes. May be "gzip" or "identity".|`gzip`|
|`druid.broker.http.readTimeout`|The timeout for data reads from Historical servers and real-time tasks.|`PT15M`|
|`druid.broker.http.unusedConnectionTimeout`|The timeout for idle connections in connection pool. The connection in the pool will be closed after this timeout and a new one will be established. This timeout should be less than `druid.broker.http.readTimeout`. Set this timeout = ~90% of `druid.broker.http.readTimeout`|`PT4M`|

> |`druid.broker.http.maxQueuedBytes`|Maximum number of bytes queued per query before exerting [backpressure](../operations/basic-cluster-tuning.md#broker-backpressure) on channels to the data servers.<br /><br />Similar to `druid.server.http.maxScatterGatherBytes`, except unlike that configuration, this one will trigger [backpressure](../operations/basic-cluster-tuning.md#broker-backpressure) rather than query failure. Zero means disabled. Can be overridden by the ["maxQueuedBytes" query context parameter](../querying/query-context.md). Human-readable format is supported, see [here](human-readable-byte.md). |`25MB` or 2% of maximum Broker heap size, whichever is greater|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.broker.http.maxQueuedBytes`|Maximum number of bytes queued per query before exerting [backpressure](../operations/basic-cluster-tuning.md#broker-backpressure) on channels to the data servers.<br /><br />Similar to `druid.server.http.maxScatterGatherBytes`, except that `maxQueuedBytes` triggers [backpressure](../operations/basic-cluster-tuning.md#broker-backpressure) instead of query failure. Set to zero to disable. You can override this setting by using the [`maxQueuedBytes` query context parameter](../querying/query-context.md). Druid supports [human-readable](human-readable-byte.md) format. |`25MB` or 2% of maximum Broker heap size, whichever is greater.|
```
